Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Alec!
Wait!
Alec. you must not go.
Baby. what are you doing?
Alec. wait...
I have a bad feeling.
You must not go.
It’s going to be fine Baby.
I’m just going to talk to them.
No. no. Alec. you don’t understand...
I had a terrible dream
and you must not go out.
You must not go brother!
I can save the situation. Baby. okay.
It’s not going to be okay
please. I'm begging you...
I'll see you later. okay.
I’m begging you. don't go.
Its alright Baby... It will be fine.
Good morning bang on
time and looking good.
Morning. has Sherman arrived?
Yes. he’s been here half an hour
and he brought his wife.
This is a copy of his
assets. be gentle...
Oh. but I always am.
Oh wow that’s quite
a bit of property.
I know. and one or
two in prime positions.
They could save the company
if they leverage it against...
Sashi. that’s not your job or mine.
I know you want to see
the silver lining in everything.
but that’s not why we
are here at Foster.
I know it might seem
ruthless and uncaring.
when we buy these
companies in distress...
but we give them
life again with the
bits and pieces
that we sell off.
That is what we do.
And you do it very well.
but this company is not dead.
You can actually save them.
That... I don’t do well.
Now. how do I look?
Hmm.
Well power suit. check.
Hair did. check.
Impeccable make-up. check
and of course Eye Of The Tiger.
As always. deadly.
Why thank you.
- Now...
- Let’s go get that money...
Wow...
Still quoting Top Gun. hey?
That’s a nice throwback.
No Clyde. you cannot
join the meeting.
You know Alex. you need a
tough. uncompromising wing man.
Not a lame “goose” weighing you
down with a dead weight conscience.
What is the deal
with you two anyway.
I never see you with any
guys. are you guys a couple?
Okay... It's not
your season Clyde.
Back off.
Oh...
Alex Donnay. yes.
Alex...
It’s Katie speaking. we just...
Listen Katie. not
a good time. sorry.
What...
Call again.
- Ma'am...
- Call...
You’re good to go.
I started this
company 30 years ago
and I built it up.
Over a hundred are my staff...
Legacy.
I understand.
You want your life’s work
to count for something.
What are you offering Ms Donnay?
Oh. I’m so sorry...
Mr Sherman...
What we are offering is more
than enough to protect your legacy.
Leave something for your
workers. insure their dignity.
You’ve worked really
hard. Mr Sherman.
Let us take care of the rest.
And you and Mrs. Sherman
can finally take it easy
with enough for a long
and comfortable retirement.
It’s time.
Let us take it from here.
Okay.
We are so happy for you both.
Of course there
is some paper work.
Sashi will take you through it.
Thank you Mr Sherman.
Mrs Sherman.
Call back that last number
for me. for goodness sake
If you would just follow
me to the boardroom.
Nicely done. Donnay.
You know you nearly
lost them with the...
I could do with a
drink after that.
Join me.
What a question...
Congratulations.
Thank you sir. I
appreciate the support.
You know...
I couldn’t have
done it better myself.
even in my younger days.
Hmm.
Come. join me.
You know what this is
what keeps me going.
Huh.
One day. wind in my hair.
the sand between my toes...
Umm... No thanks sir. I’m good.
If you can get
the next big one...
Mrs Moloi. Black Silk Cosmetics.
I will have to
make you a partner.
Then the sky’s the limit.
Well Louie...
I suggest you get
the paper work ready.
I’m so sorry sir. Alex...
When?
I think yesterday...
Uhm...
- She said that...
- Aunty Baby?
Yes.
She said it was an accident.
On a boat...
My father was a fisherman.
Lex when do you want to leave?
Okay. I will book your flight.
When’s the funeral?
Saturday.
I want to drive.
I’ll leave tomorrow. in and out.
then back here.
I’ll mourn tomorrow.
Today I want to celebrate.
Come-on...
Have another round.
You are such a bad influence.
My goodness...
It's a good thing
we're taking an Uber.
You know what Lex...
You deserve a corner office.
- Oh yes I do.
- And...
Yeah.
And I deserve a new car.
- because I don’t think my KIA...
- Hmm.
is going to make
it to Christmas.
Oh my gosh I love this song!
Uhm...
Lex...
I know you haven’t had a
great relationship with your dad
but I thought we could do a
toast or something for him.
Why not...
To Alec Donnay.
fisherman.
- friend of the people.
- Hmm.
part time father...
Okay...
To Alec!
Yes.
Ah...
Hmm...
- Come let’s dance...
- Oh my gosh.
- Please Sashi...
- I'm coming...
Come Alex...
Come...
Daddy...
No. Daddy...
Alex come...
Alex!
Dad!
So Mr Julies why is the
concession so important to you?
Well. look they just closed
factory in. Stompneus Bay.
Where are those
people suppose to go?
That's my question...
How are they to make a living?
And then we reports about our
government talking with big companies
about big projects. fracking
and drilling for gas off our shores.
So to answer your question.
This is important and
its very complicated.
Mr Foster. morning sir.
Alex... Sashi told me
all about your father.
My sincere condolences.
Well look. you take
all the time you need.
I’m sure Daro can handle
the Moloi matter from here...
No! No. sir. don’t let
Clyde anywhere near it.
Sashi has already set up a
meeting for next Thursday.
I’ll be back then.
If you’re sure...
Yes. one hundred percent. sir.
I’m totally prepared
for Mrs Moloi.
as I said. you can get those
partnership papers ready!
I won’t disappoint you. sir.
Very well.
Best wishes from us all.
See you next week.
Thank you. sir.
Is there anything else
I can do for you sir?
Uhm.
Just get the door Clive.
It’s Clyde. sir.
Really?
Yes.
David my boy. come in.
Thank you for coming.
Of course. sir.
You're a good man. David.
Very likeable...
But that’s not getting
you anywhere. now is it?
Sir?
I’m running out of patience.
This West Coast deal is
becoming a bit of a bore. honestly.
If you can't get Kruger to bring
me more boats with their quotas.
pronto. then it's...
To coin a phrase...
Dead in the water.
Mr Gunther. Allied
had a dozen boats
six months ago when
we started negotiations.
They now have eighteen...
Eighteen...
That's a good size fleet...
But I’m thinking twenty-five
boats and their quotas
is a bit more worthy of
Gunther and Arkin acquisition.
Am I right or am I right?
Of course. sir.
I’ll get right onto speaking
to Kruger. immediately.
Look...
The wife and I will be flying
up to the holiday house.
And we are going to
need a car down there. so...
Why don’t you drive
down. stay in the house.
Put some pressure on Kruger.
to make Allied Fishing a little bit
more what we would like it to be.
I knew I could count on you.
Good man. off you go.
Yes.
Oh no. no. no...
Oh! Thank God.
Ma'am. ma'am can you hear me.
Hello! Ma'am are you okay.
Ma'am!
Oh thank God.
Are you okay?
Yeah?
- Sorry about what happened...
- You’re an idiot.
What!
If you hadn’t swerved like that...
You overtook on a blind rise.
asshole. That’s what happened!
Okay...
Can I get you some water. please?
No thanks.
You sure you okay?
You’re not hurt or anything?
Who knows? Right
now I’m in shock. bud.
Listen...
I’m really sorry.
Both your tires. they're shot.
Nice!
David Mhlatse.
Hey Sash.
I'm not there yet;
I’m on the R27.
Some moron in a G-wagon
just drove me off the road.
No. I’m totally fine.
Can you please send a tow-truck.
Okay.
Thanks Sash.
Ciao.
My PA’s going to send a
tow-truck. You don’t have to wait.
What?
I mean. I can’t leave
you here. it’s not safe.
Please...
Let me help you fix this?
Yeah?
So. what’s your plan?
Let me grab that for you.
Okay...
Wait!
How did you know
about this place?
Oh. it’s been around for ages.
Are those weavers?
Yeah.
Wait till the
night-noises start.
- Greetings. David.
- Greetings. Lindi.
Greetings. ma’am.
Hi.
We’ve booked you guy in a very
nice room with a king-sized bed.
- No. no we're not... together...
- We are not a couple. it's just...
The restaurant is open from six.
Thanks.
Not even slightly awkward.
Sorry about that.
Airbags?
So it was an accident!
Really. it wasn’t...
It’s just that my two tires popped.
They’re fixing them in Darling
But your brother can
come and fetch you.
It’s just an hour or so.
No. no. no...
I’ve already booked a room and my car
will be here first thing in the morning.
We are all ready for you. Lexie.
I know.
I’ll be in good time for
the service. I promise.
And what’s the matter with you?
Have you forgotten
how to speak Afrikaans?
Sorry. Aunty Baby.
I will call again
in the morning.
Bye.
English...
High. high English...
So she’s not coming tonight?
Apparently not...
Mommy?
I'm alright.
The tears must
come out my child.
Foster Enterprises...
I’m impressed.
You know we have
something in common.
Two little pilot fish working
for the great white sharks.
Well. not so little
for much longer.
Hmm
If I close my next deal
I’m in line for a partnership.
Wow.
What do you do?
Much the same as you.
A bit less business-stripping
and a bit more asset-building.
And unlike you.
if I don't close my
next deal I might just...
Lose my job.
So. how did you
know about this place?
My mom worked
for an anthropologist.
A very good lady.
She use to bring us
here when we were kids.
We?
Younger sister...
Do you mind.
Come! Come dance with me...
Dance with me.
Sorry. I can’t I have
to call it a night.
Thank you for trusting me.
- Everything ready. Katie?
- Yes mommy.
I think we have enough.
Where is Alex?
It’s probably almost
quarter to. isn't it?
My condolences. Baby.
- We’re ready for you. Aunty Baby. Katie.
- Thank you Father.
Katie... Father. when will I
say my speech again?
Russell. Here’s the
order of the service.
Okay.
Fine. thanks.
Aunt Babes.
Where’s Alex?
I don’t know my boy.
I don’t know.
Alec and I were on the
same trawler since we were...
Small boys.
Condolences to all of you.
Condolences.
Mom.
Come lets go in.
Hmm.
Alec...
Did so much for us.
He was stubborn.
And that is why we
loved him so much.
When he had his
mind set on something...
He always saw it through...
Come hell. or high waters.
If Alex was here...
Then he would have said;
Klip Anker Bay don’t give up.
Don’t give up!
Come. let's have a seat.
I see we have some people
at the back. please. come in.
It's good to see you.
So. good to see you...
Uncle Russell. you
may come forward.
Alec was a good father.
He was my best friend.
But I just want to say that;
I wish I could be
half the man he was.
- No gentlemen. stop...
- Take it easy guys. calm down.
Woah. woah. I won’t take long.
Sorry people...
Sorry Minister...
Reece.
Sorry people but what I want...
Alex.
Sorry but what I want to say I want to
say here where everyone can hear me.
Alec Donnay’s death
was not an accident.
We know why he died!
And we want to see
to it that justice is done.
Some among us are
too scared. or too greedy.
or too easily led to
resist the cheap offers
we are being made for our boats
and our quotas...
But we must say no!
We need to stand together.
Alec Donnay was alone
when he stood up for our values.
and our community.
and he paid with his life!
Julies!
Take your rubbish
out of this church.
We are here to lay a man
to rest not to listen to your politics.
Out!
Wait. wait...
I’ve said what I wanted to say.
Rest in peace Alec Donnay.
Loved ones let us
remember why we are here.
Let's stand and sing;
'The Lord is my shepherd'.
What did the cops say. Reece?
They didn’t find
anything suspicious.
No sign of foul play.
And what about
what Paul is saying...
Paul...
Is always looking for trouble.
I really don’t know Alex.
Where...
Where did they find Daddy?
I found him...
On the rocks over at Seal Bay.
I’m so sorry. Reece.
We have lots to talk about.
Maybe later?
Here put those
plates down there.
Mommy...
Lexie...
Let me see what you look like.
We've missed you so much.
I missed you too.
I’m so sorry.
You don't need to
saying sorry to me.
He’s your father.
My brother. yes...
But your father.
And you better stop with
all this English nonsense...
I’ll try Aunt Baby. I promise.
Come and help with
the cups and saucers child.
The whole community is coming.
the people loved your father very much.
- We'll talk later.
- Okay.
I need to know what
your decision is Reece.
I told you. Uncle Henk;
I haven’t decided yet.
I need more time.
Time...
Is running out...
The offer can’t just
hang there forever.
We’ll talk later.
I take it you were trying
to get Donnay on board?
He is stubborn...
Like his old man.
But he will come around.
Well you need to speed things
up. the boss is getting very impatient.
Speed things up?
Twenty five boats.
with concessions.
By next week.
Twenty five boats?
Next week?
You may as well ask
for a trip to the moon.
The offer's not just going to...
Hang there forever.
Yes. I'm telling you.
and so Alec said to me;
'Don't let them say
that to you. Baby...'
'Stand your own man!'
Hey...
Who is he?
Who is who?
The guy you’re writing
love letters to on your phone.
Him.
He’s my friend...
Gustav.
We dive together.
Ah.
Well...
Why don't you tell him to meet
you outside and go for a walk.
Everyone’s in here anyway.
Really?
I’ll cover for you.
Thanks. Aunty Alex.
'Aunty'?
Then I was beaten all over...
Everywhere...
One can't really say things like that.
but my mom beat us with that broom.
But that’s fine...
For you. uncle Piet.
We’re all in this together...
You and I and the
fishermen. even the sack-men!
These people want to destroy
our way of life. that's the...
Lexie. I just wanted to say...
No Paul!
I want to tell you
that. I can help.
There’s trouble here and we
have to stop it. you and I together
Tomorrow. we’ll talk
when you’re sober. okay?
I just want to say one thing;
you look great!
Uncle Piet. did you know
we dated at high school?
Us...
Alex. can we please have some alone
time? I just want to clear some things up.
- Oh really?
- Yeah.
What you gonna dance your
way through an explanation?
Come let’s dance. man!
- When was the last time we danced?
- C’mon Paul.
Don’t be like that...
- I’m not in the mood.
- Just a quick one...
Quickly...
They'll need to
turn up the music.
Paul. no man!
Let her go. you heard her.
Hey who are you?
You bastard!
What are you doing here?
You think I don’t
know you’re spying?
Sniffing out information like
the bloody mongrel dog you are!
You are trying to
kill this community.
You...
Hey!
Hey. hey. hey. stop it now. Paul!
- Wait man...
- Settle down.
Hold on man. don’t
tell me what to do.
I’ve left my beer.
What the hell. David?
So. what’s this all about?
The so called accident.
the nice dinner. the...
Are you stalking me?
No. I had no idea you
were going to be here.
Well. you know why I’m here.
Why are you here?
I work for an investment company.
We’re here to pump money
into the community. so...
Oh bull. David!
'Pump some money in'. You
know I know what that means!
So who is it? Amicus
Holdings? Pinnacle?
Who?
Gunther and Arkin.
Ah!
I thought you said:
'More rescue than asset-stripping'.
- Yeah. right.
- Well. you asked.
You asked...
We have a bid on Allied
Fishing and I’m here to close that.
Are you a good guy David?
Can I trust you?
Sorry. Aunty Alex...
Aunt Baby says some
people want to greet you.
- I’ll be there now.
- Okay.
Hey.
Can I sit with you?
Sure.
Paul always thinks
he knows what’s best.
But it’s enough now.
I’ve done my time.
You're thinking of selling?
Are you going to sell?
I’ve also done my time.
With Mommy.
C’mon Alex. it’s
not a competition.
I know it was tough for you.
It wasn’t tough. Reece!
It was terrible.
You and Daddy fishing. Daddy
busy with his community business...
And me. alone with
Mommy watching her...
He left the company to you.
Well I don’t want it.
Tomorrow I’ll be gone.
I have a deal to close.
You must get it.
you are his son.
you must get it.
Continue his legacy...
This is not my world
any more. Reece.
I’m sorry.
But you can have it all.
You can go in anytime
you want to. Lexie.
Daddy get this into your head.
I want to get away from here.
You can go and
study in Stellenbosch.
or Cape Town then you
can at least come and visit...
I will come and visit.
When I’m ready. When I know
that I won’t be swallowed up by this place.
Lexie. your family needs you.
Family?
Daddy always thinks about
other people. we always come last!
The community has to
pull together to survive. Lexie.
Klip Anker Bay has to work together.
And Alec Donnay
has to be the Messiah...
Where has it got you. dad?
I’m done with this place.
Lexie. come on...
Good luck.
Lexie...
Lex...
That’s so little.
Why don’t they stay out longer?
Yes.
That’s all the concession
allows these days.
Little Alex...
A lady now...
Wow.
Such a long time.
Hi.
Yes. good to see you.
Sorry for your loss ma'am.
Thank you. my brother.
Let’s go.
He left the sign
up all these years.
Why didn’t you join him?
It was always for
you. Alex. not for me.
Thanks. Sash.
I’ll send the management
accounts and everything.
Thank you. really.
No. no. no. no.
I’ll be back in time!
Mrs Moloi is still
my top priority and...
Keep an eye on Clyde.
he's schmoozing Foster.
Okay. I’ll call you later. bye.
How bad is it?
You tell me...
And the community
have bought in?
Most of them. yes.
I am not here to stay Reece.
I just came down for the funeral.
I must go back to
my life in Joburg.
This is not my fight!
I must think.
Yes. yes sir.
I'm speaking to Kruger
tomorrow morning.
No. I don't think everything will move
smoothly just because Donnay is gone.
We’re experiencing
some push back.
Yes sir.
I will stay focused.
Yes. I will keep that
momentum going.
I will...
Okay.
Hey. Alex!
You okay?
I don’t know these
people any more.
Of course you do.
I don’t know how
things work around here.
Except. that it’s a mess.
and now I have to try and fix it.
Why you?
Dad left his company to me.
Your father was a wise man.
If you need any
help just let me know.
You?
The snake in the grass
from Gunther and Arkin?
I should be trying to foil your
plan to bring us to our knees.
No...
This is not good.
Well. I quite like it.
I mean...
This is not something I do.
I don't mix business
with pleasure.
So you do like it.
That’s a comforting.
Sorry. David. I can’t...
No wait. Alex!
Alex.
- Alex!
- Hello.
Paul?
How did you get this number?
Morning...
- Good morning.
Not now Henk.
All my guys are here.
She’s in good nick Reece.
A fresh coat of paint and
you’ll get a good price for her.
But not what I’m offering...
More people are
coming on board. Reece.
You’ll have to jump
fast or you’ll be left out.
Two days Donnay.
then I’ll move on.
Nice place.
I thought you were
going to be South Africa’s
first coloured socialist president.
Maybe I still am.
Seriously. though. socialism
without capital is a tiger with no teeth...
I'm an angry man...
I’ve got to set the example.
Tell me what you
know about Allied.
What is Henk’s game?
He’s been buying
out the guys for years.
Whenever they can’t put food on
the table. they he comes crawling in.
and buys their boats
for next to nothing.
He owns more than
half the harbour.
And now he’s selling?
Hmm.
To a Mr Patch Gunther.
Owner of Gunther and Arkin.
That Mhlatse guy works for him.
Who killed my father. Paul?
It wasn’t an accident. Lexie.
If he just slipped and fell into the
sea. why was the engine switched off?
Who would have done that?
Meet me at my dad’s
house in an hour.
If I’m going to make headway.
I have to figure out
who’s in my corner.
Woah! Woah! Woah!
Unfortunately. it is true.
The business has
not made a profit.
My father was paying off a
number of loans and advances.
Donnay company is in debt.
Wait. wait. wait...
So if Donnay’s bankrupt then
I might as well sell to Allied.
Wow. Saaiman. Alec
was just buried yesterday.
So. why not?
Why not?
Reece?
If you sell to Allied...
Then Henk decides what
boat and with who. you work.
What is your suggestion. Alex?
What should the men do?
Honestly. I don’t have the answer.
But we know what
Allied is busy doing...
Kruger is preying on this town.
and he's going to sell us
out to Gunther and Arkin.
I’ll never sell to that bastard.
Sorry for my language.
I must come up with a strategy.
in the meantime I will
stay a few more days.
Are you all with me?
Aunt Baby.
Hmm.
Are you okay. Aunt Baby?
Lexie. what are we going to do?
I don’t know. Aunty Baby.
From what I can see.
no-one’s doing anything illegal.
But it’s so unfair!
And what they are saying
about your father’s death.
If there’s something wrong
there. the truth will come out.
I hope so. my
child. I really do.
Hi Aunt Baby. hi Alex!
Hey.
Aren’t you going to work?
Afternoon off. Aunt Baby.
Want to hang out?
Why not...
I’ll just change.
Cool.
Very impressive.
How was it?
Brilliant. thanks Aunty.
We’re coming back tomorrow.
We found something
interesting under the water
but then Gustav ran out of air.
What is it?
Not sure.
Looks like a very old rowing boat.
but not with wood. with skins.
That’s interesting.
Sorry...
Hi...
You've what?
Something to show me?
Okay. I’ll be there shortly.
Bye.
Come on... I'll drop
you at the dive shop.
Let me help you.
Thank you Alex.
There we go...
Thanks.
So. what do you have for me?
Not so fast...
The info I have comes with a price.
And the price is...
You have to let
me cook you dinner.
David.
I have two days to sort things out
before my boss expects me back in Joburg.
I don't have the time...
Come on.
Please take it easy. relax
and let me do this for you.
I promise you won't
be disappointed.
Okay...
Okay.
But then you're gonna
give me the info.
Well...
Okay...
Impressive. you can
cook. I did not expect that.
Mmm.
Or that it would
be this good. damn!
I'm glad you like it...
So. what's the info Ratatouille?
Hmm.
He is coming down tomorrow.
Then I want to speak to him.
Umm...
You know with Gunther.
it’s not about what you want.
I’ll try and sort something out.
Thank you.
If I can just get the
measure of him. maybe...
You know Alex. if it wasn’t
Gunther. it would be someone else.
This is about progress.
If this is progress. it sucks.
C’mon Alex. you’re a realist.
You can’t afford
to be sentimental.
Probably the best thing
that could happen to this town
is being forced into
the twenty-first century.
We could build
something great here.
Do you believe that?
Hmm.
Yes and no.
What?
You should be here.
Building...
Oh please...
I mean it...
What are you thinking?
I told you about the woman
my mom worked for...
Jessie. the anthropologist.
Hmm.
My community lost their
ancestral land to a casino.
Jessie fought so hard.
she tried everything.
But then she lost.
And it killed her.
I’m so sorry.
I don't want that
to happen here.
Hmm.
Tell me...
Where the heck did you
learn to cook like that?
Every now and again I just...
I like to indulge myself.
Gunther...
Tomorrow. okay?
Gunther tomorrow... Yeah.
Now indulge me.
Mr Gunther. we need
time to assess the situation.
This has all been very sudden.
Well actually. it hasn’t.
And this has been on the
cards for some time now.
Look around you.
The signs are all there.
Unfortunately. your father
was too stubborn to see them.
I hope you won’t be.
Assuming. we are
open to negotiations...
What do you propose?
I think you are really
going to like this.
Welcome to Newstone Waterfront.
The unspoiled coastal hideaway
of South Africa’s most
successful professionals.
I’m not really that
interested in fish. Ms Donnay.
But I am interested
in the future.
That’s where your family’s
house is. I believe. prime location.
You can’t do this.
Reece...
You might say I already have.
You are aware that
seven more boat-owners
approached Henk Kruger.
after we fetched
Vermeulen’s old tub?
Seven?
Hmm.
Mr Gunther. I
appreciate your honesty.
but I can assure you;
the community is not gonna
roll over and play dead.
I like your fighting
spirit. Ms Donnay.
Thank you for playing
open cards Mr Gunther.
If you’ll excuse us.
This is not what I came
here to negotiate. sir.
Big picture thinking.
David my boy!
We really need to get you out of
this parochial little mindset of yours.
I want you to invite the lovely locals
to meet us this evening at the town hall.
Yes sir.
Good man.
I need more time.
If people would just give me
the opportunity to find a solution.
and stop falling for the ‘I’m
throwing you a lifeline’ game.
Oh. for goodness sake...
What do you want?
Lexie.
Don’t be so rude.
You are a snake
in the grass. David.
- I know how this may...
- Look?
I have no idea what you
think I can do for you.
and your smarmy
Mr Patch Gunther.
- But that business the other night...
- Will you please shut up a moment.
and just...
- I swear... I didn’t...
- No!
I will not listen!
I admit you had me
convinced. but it’s over!
Do you know what you’re
doing to this community?
To our families?
To people?
Now you can see what you’ve
built your career on. Alex. .
You say that what
I’m doing is wrong.
You’re hoping for partnership
at Foster Enterprises?
You’re the hypocrite!
Is it another new building?
What are they
building apartments?
Sorry... Sorry.... Excuse me...
- Give me a moment. please.
- Sorry... Sorry...
Just give me a minute.
Thank you for coming
here at such short notice.
What do you want to
steal from us now. Kruger?
Just a moment...
- I only want a minute...
- Thank you...
Thank you Henk...
Let's get started...
Welcome everyone.
I’m Patch Gunther.
and my company has just bought
Allied Fishing from Mr Kruger here.
I thought I was going to be
investing in a fishing business.
but when I came here to Klip
Anker Bay. I realised that...
I'm investing in so much more...
I don't know how many of you realise.
but you are sitting on a gold mine.
Yes. a gold mine.
And you can all. with our help...
Excuse me people.
let me through please.
Paul Julies.
Let me interrupt you.
on behalf of these people
that you are so eager to help.
Right.
My friends. if it looks
too good to be true.
then I promise you it is.
These people will say
anything to convince you.
don’t be taken in.
Alec Donnay tried to stand
up to them. so he was silenced
Just like they are
trying to silence me...
Do not sign anything!
Don't sign anything.
Leave!
Don't...
Leave him alone.
- Julies. leave.
- Leave him!
Paul.
What the hell’s going on?
They’ve got us. Alex.
This isn’t an investment
in Allied Fishing.
It’s a hostile takeover
of the whole town.
Can anyone tell me whose land is on
the corner of Harder and Kinkel roads?
It's Granny Hector's house.
Granny Hector?
Then Granny Hector
is looking at value of
about four-hundred and
eighty three thousand rand.
Wow!
That’s nearly
half a million rand!
Sir. you really can’t do this.
these people don't understand
that property is worth more...
I told you... Get on board or get out.
Everyone!
Allied Fishery is burning.
The fishery is burning!
Gustav...
Gustav. Gustav.
Gustav.
Gustav!
Call the fire-brigade
Johan. do something!
Uncle Henk what's going on?
What's going on?
My grandson.
Gustav. is up there.
Uncle Henk. are you sure?
Yes! That's where I saw
him last. up there in my office!
- Gustav!
- You can't...
- Look at all the smoke...
- No!
Gustav!
Paul.
Paul!
I’m going in...
No. don't.
This whole thing. Lexie.
it's all my fault. I'll be fine.
- It's madness...
- I'll be fine.
Don't. Paul!
Gustav!
Paul!
Come. let's go.
No.
I need another day Louis.
I have everything ready.
I will work through the night
and send the brief in the morning.
Sir. there's been another death.
I just need one more day. could
you please just stall Mrs Moloi...
I will fly tomorrow evening.
Yes sir. I know. I know...
Alex. are you okay?
Just tell me you’re going
to stay for another few days.
Reece.
We must know what to do.
I have decisions
that I need to make...
I'm sorry brother. but I
don’t have all the answers.
Lexie!
Lexie there are people here!
Let me understand this. Mr Gunther.
Why me?
Well. I’ve been in the world long enough.
to recognize leadership when I see it.
So. what are you
proposing?
I want you to convince the
people of this community.
to sell their properties to me.
Or?
I really would hate
it to come to this.
since Allied’s premises
are no longer satisfactory.
I’ll be forced to move my twenty
five boats further up the coast.
You can’t do that!
My associate here. Mr. Faull.
has been kind enough to
prepare some documents for us.
It would seem your father
had been leading a conspiracy
against Allied for some
time. Miss Donnay.
These affidavits tell quite a story.
There’s enough for me to
pursue a case of common purpose.
that involves a lot of people.
It’s quite simple.
Either the people of this
community agree to work
in a cooperative mutual
fashion with G & A.
Or an adversarial one.
Six pm tomorrow
afternoon. Miss Donnay.
Your choice.
We’ll see ourselves out.
Four...
Four that said that they saw
Vernon Fortuin starting the fire.
But Vernon was with us. with
his father. those people are lying.
I know Katie. I know.
Rien...
It's was all our fault.
we should have just
told you we were diving.
No. Corinne...
We just wanted to see
what that old boat was.
but Gustav’s grandpa
was trying to phone...
And now Uncle Paul...
All for this!
Wait Rien. what is that?
Forced repossessions.
Possible murder. This is
not what I was hired to do.
David. David. David...
Don't be so naive.
If you want to get to the top.
you have to step on a
few people to get there.
We are taking away these people's
livelihood under false pretences!
What a waste.
I brought you on board
because I saw your potential.
I thought we shared a vision.
I thought you were good.
Then you tuck your
tail between your legs...
- I am good!
- Like a little puppy.
I have potential!
I'm not like you!
I don't want what you want!
You...
Are finished.
You will never work in
this business again.
Ever!
I'll see myself out.
That’s it...
Go run away. run
away little puppy!
Aikemma.
My grandfather’s. grandfather.
He went on the sea. and...
The sea took him.
Are you sure?
Yes. Aikemma was a great leader.
These horns tell us;
he was the first
son. of a first son.
The Vaalribbok.
What does that mean dad?
When Aikemma comes
back from the sea...
The people will become strong again.
I should be back
in time. if not...
Stall as long as you can.
Just come back with
good news my child.
Have you heard from Reece yet?
Kim said he left
early this morning.
Corinne make sure
my flight is booked.
Go well.
See you later.
Okay.
Alex!
Wait. wait. wait...
Okay. what?
I told you I want to help.
There is nothing
you can you do.
and Gunther is not
going to listen to you.
I’m not with Gunther any more.
I left!
Well I have to be
somewhere. sorry.
Why couldn’t that
woman... Jessica.
Stop them building on
your ancestors land?
That was before...
There was no heritage
agency back then.
Thought so...
Thank you for seeing me at
such short notice. Mr Snell.
I haven’t got much time.
miss. I have a meeting to go to.
Mr Snell. there’s a village up the
West Coast... at Klip Anker Bay.
Developers are moving in...
We have to slow them down
before they destroy the community.
That's terrible.
You could apply for a
heritage overlay zoning.
but that’s a slow process...
What if I told you that was
found at the bottom of the bay
not far off the shoreline.
Odd. I agree.
But it doesn’t tell us anything.
It could be part of a
traditional headdress. or not...
And if it came
with a sunken boat.
a skeleton. and some
other Khoi artefacts?
Where did you say?
Aikemma.
The old man who
was taken by the sea.
It's extraordinary.
So will you help us?
Good choice Reece.
'New beginnings.'
The snoek runs from
here to Villiers Bay.
Too many to catch.
With the Lilly Marlene
we’ll catch them all.
Every single one!
Where did you get that?
Bastard!
It's a fair fight. sea-rules.
It was an accident.
He fell overboard.
Accident?
My father fell overboard.
with necklace and all?
Like this...
No. no. no...
It was Johan.
Johan hit him too hard
and fell on the deck
and knocked his head.
I’m sorry. Reece.
I’m sorry.
I tried to make things better
by giving you more
money for your trawler...
Make things better?
You want to make things better?
Bring back my father!
Miss Donnay. please.
Those bones have probably
been there for centuries.
they’re not going anywhere.
I don’t want to keep you out of the
office longer than necessary Mr Snell.
That was the
arrangement. wasn’t it?
Oh. Lord. we're going to die.
Ladies...
Thank you. people.
thank you. silence please.
Thank you. thank you.
Our offer to you is very simple.
together we will
rebuild this town.
Progress!
Progress...
Will come through change.
But I’m not a patient man.
Mr Faull. has the
documents so...
What's happening?
What is this a circus?
We are having a meeting people!
We are having a meeting for...
Ladies and Gentlemen.
- Ladies and Gentlemen.
- My name is Jacob Snell.
And today we signed a
document to have your town
declared a heritage overlay zone
as a result of an exciting
archaeological find.
If Klip Anker Bay proves
to be of historical value.
and I think it will...
Then any development will
have to be carefully considered...
Where does that leave us?
We want to sell to Gunther...
Nonsense man. what if
we don’t want the zones?
Please. just listen...
The zoning just means
that our town will not
be bought out by rich outsiders.
and we get kicked out
as they did in other places...
Like Paternoster!
Mr Mhlatse?
Granny Hector’s land.
what is it actually worth?
Well...
The company I used to work for.
Is offering four hundred
and eighty thousand.
It's a good deal.
When in reality it's worth
four times that much...
That's a lie.
Progress. people
will happen here
at Klip Anker Bay...
I promise.
But not on their terms. on ours.
Mr. Gunther...
You are no longer welcome here.
I want an investigation on this.
How are you going to do this?
Gunther had all the funds and unless
you have a fairy godmother somewhere...
I think I may have a solution.
I think this belongs to you.
Aww...
Aunty Alex! Your flight...
Yes you must go.
I'm not happy about it
but you must hit the road.
Come. I'll take
you to the airport.
Mrs Moloi. you have so much to be
proud of about your father’s business.
He broke into black cosmetics
when no-one had even thought of it.
He was a true pioneer.
Unfortunately. he failed to
future-proof the company.
He wanted to leave a legacy behind.
for you and his loyal employees.
But Black Silk has been
overtaken by fierce competitors. its...
Assets are shrinking.
What did you want to be
when you were growing up?
A business woman...
I wanted to be in
business like my father.
Mrs Moloi...
Do you want to liquidate?
No!
I want to fix this. I
want to make it work.
Then that’s what you should do.
Take a look at
what you’re worth...
You have the makings
of a viable business there.
Please go and talk to my PA. Sashi.
she will explain all the figures to you.
And here I was thinking you
were the future of Foster’s.
I'm sorry Louis.
I had a few things fall
into place for me this week.
You were right.
Come.
What are you up to Donnay?
I have a proposition for you Louis.
Hmm.
How would you like to rebuild
an entire coastal community?
Explain...
Sashi. got to go!
- Thank you for everything!
- What's happening?
- What's going on?
- I’ll call you later.
- I love you.
- Okay then...
Love you too. okay...
And...
Here comes Alex!
Hey. welcome back stranger.
You're here!
I am Aunty Baby.
What we found is really
important. aunty Alex!
They’ve taken the bones and everything
to Cape Town. to the museum there.
I’m very proud of you. my girl.
Hey...
You’re back.
How you doing?
More than well.
I bought Paul’s place.
His restaurant?
Yeah.
That’s wonderful!
We’re going to get this
village back on it’s feet.
Well...
I should leave
you to your family.
Cheers.
David!
In Joburg. I built
something. and it felt good.
I am glad for you.
Listen...
I want another chance.
With you.
I know I can be
difficult. closed off...
I can be stubborn. but you...
You drive me crazy.
Crazy. in a good way.
I will change.
I want to change.
With you.
Do you trust me?
Trust you?
Yes...
Do you trust me?
No.
I think. I love you.